# Land Use Policy Recommendations - Based on An Empirical Analysis of The Impact of Agricultural Land Expansion on GHG Emissions
# Purpose: 
Agricultural activities emit about 10-12% greenhouse gases each year. Moreover, the total amount is on the rise, which can significantly contribute to global warming. Land use in a country is mainly composed of three parts, agricultural land, forest land and urban land. The expansion of cities and the loss of forests are generally considered to be the main causes of increasing greenhouse gas emissions. But in this paper, through empirical analysis, it indicates that GHG emissions as the dependent variable, the coefficient of agricultural land proportion on it is more significant than forest and urban. This means that, based on the past 20years data from multi-countries around the world, we can conclude that the impact of agricultural land expansion on greenhouse gas emissions is greater than the impact of forest land loss and urbanization. The results have implications for policy makers. They should consider more regulation on agriculture and adjust land-use strategies if their goal is to limit greenhouse gas emissions.
# Data: 
I obtained 25 years of data for 12 countries from the World Development Indicators Database of the World Bank. And created a panel data frame. The variables exist in it are: Total greenhouse gas emissions (kt of CO2 equivalent), Energy use (kg of oil equivalent per capita), Alternative and nuclear energy (% of total energy use), Agricultural land (% of land area), GDP per capita (current US$). In order to cope with the possible heteroscedasticity problem in the regression, several of the variables were processed logarithms. 
# Model:
This paper adopted a Two-Way Fixed Effect model which controls fixed effects from both cross section and time. The explained variable is log (GHG emissions), and the explanatory variables are log (energy use per capita), log (GDP per capita), clean energy using rate, and percentage of agricultural land in total land. However due to the presence of multicollinearity, log (GDP per capita) was removed. This paper tested the autocorrelation and used the Cochrane-Orcutt Iterative Process to estimate the autocorrelation coefficient to transform all variables so that solve the autocorrelation issue. The final regression model is as follows:

# ln(Greenhouse Gases emission)=β_i  + 1.06*ln(Energy use per capita) – 0.009*(Alternative and nuclear energy % of total energy use) + 0.0074*(Agricultural land % of land area)
# β_i  = AUS~3.6074,BRA~5.9772,CHN~7.6216,DEU~4.6262,FRA~4.2196,IND~7.4450,JPN~5.2377,KOR~4.2565,THA~4.5428,UK~4.2132,USA~5.8597,VNM~5,2504  

The overall F-test of this model is significant, and the individual t-tests of the coefficients of each variable are all significant. R^2=92.18, adjR^2=91.04. This shows that the explanatory power of the model is strong.

# Conclusion:
The outcome is consistent with my initial hypothesis that agricultural land expansion does lead to an increase in greenhouse gas emissions under condition of controlling the energy consumption per capita and energy structure unchanged. And the other two coefficients are also consistent with our common sense. This result can help governments to decide on the planning of land use. If the current amount of energy used and the types of energy used do not change, a country develops agriculture, it will lead to more greenhouse gas emissions. And it is worth noting that the variable I use in the model is the proportion of agricultural land. The implication is that if a developing country develops its economy by exploiting waste land or converting forests into agricultural land, greenhouse emissions have a big chance to increase. For developed countries, the process of reverse urbanization may not reduce greenhouse gas emissions but is going to increase them, if most urban land is converted to agricultural land. More importantly, it is not like industrial manufacture, in many countries and regions there are few regulations and policies on agricultural GHG emissions. The results of the model tell us that GHG emissions from agricultural land should be given more attention.
